At this point you should have a solid understanding of
basic thread and of task management as well as of shared data protection.
We have seen that data protection is a critical element in
concurrent programming and after looking at several ways to achieve this,
we now want to build on these concepts even further.
Now the goal here is to develop a method for
a controlled and finally range data exchange between several threads.
In this lesson, we will build a concurrent message queue,
and for you this means understanding a data exchange protocol that can be used in
a large number of scenarios where threads need to communicate efficiently and safely.
Now before we can build the message queue however,
you need to first understand some basic concepts such as
the monitor object pattern and condition variables.
Now once we have our message queue ready at the end of this lesson,
you are well-prepared to start with a final product of
this course so don't lose any time and go ahead with the first section.